Finally, when it when it kept rewriting
itself and breaking, it deleted its
entire database.
It deleted its entire database. And I
was so frazzled and burnt. I couldn't
believe it. You could see this if you
can see my screen on the left. JF JFC
joui freaking uh crime replet said, "I
made a catastrophic error. I deleted
your database. I panicked." The AI said,
"I panicked when it appeared empty and
deleted everything. Deleted thousands
and thousands of entries. This ended up
getting millions of views. Reddit wrote
it up. Everyone wrote it up. The
economist is doing an article.
A lot of these things were things that
Replet and lovable shouldn't have done.
We could talk about that in a different
presentation, but it went crazy. You
know, uh, fake data deletes code. But
this was my fault. And it wasn't my
fault in that I did anything wrong. I
didn't do anything wrong. I could talk
to you about what happened, but it was
too complicated.
[Music]
Hey everybody, it's Saster. Finn is the
number one AI agent for resolving
complex queries like refunds,
transaction disputes, and technical
troubleshooting, all with speed and
reliability. See how Finn can deliver
the highest resolution rates and highest
quality customer experience at
finn.ai/saster.
That's f.ai/saster.
Hey everybody. If you're serious about
B2B and AI, if you want to know how to
deploy AI SDRs, how to get AI to qualify
leads to your site, how to use AI to
manage your RevOps, how to use AI and
GDM, you have to be in London this
December 2nd and 3rd with us. Saster AI
London is bringing together more than
2,000 leaders and founders for 2 days of
practical advice on scaling with AI into
the new year. That's all we're doing
this year. how to use AI to grow faster
and how to make this stuff actually work
at your startup and your company. We'll
have speakers flying in from around the
world from OpenAI, Whiz, Clay, Intercom,
all your favorite B2B companies,
including yours truly and Harry Stebins
for a live 20BC and Saster podcast.
It'll be fun all right in the heart of
SasterLondon with me and the entire
Saster team. You got to be there. So,
get your tickets with my exclusive
discount by going to
podcast.slondon.com.
That's podcast.slondon sasterlondon.com.
See you there.
So,
what I thought we could do today
would be a little fun in sort of a
proumer vibe coding one on 101. And what
I mean is if you followed us or me on
social media, you see we've we've been
putting a lot of effort into building
vibecoded apps. And in fact, um there
have even been some press and PR about
some of the challenges we face. So, I
thought I would try to summarize
everything that we've learned and more
importantly to help you because there's
a lot of
there's a lot of stuff on social media
about, hey, you can just vibe code your
own HubSpot or Salesforce. You can vibe
code your own notion. It will take 10
minutes. That's Sony baloney. And it is
almost dangerous Sony baloney because
it's not just startups that say it. It's
not just lovable and replet say it.
Microsoft is saying it. GitHub is saying
it now. Um,
Canva is saying you can do some of this.
Everyone is saying you can magically go
to a prompt and say I want to build my
own descript, my own whatever and
moments later it will pop out and it
will work. And it does not work that
way.
And if you peel back the layers of the
onion and you see basically the same
folks that used to sell courses are now
telling you you can vibe code and roll
your own Salesforce in 20 minutes. If
you take a look at what they've actually
done, you'll see very little in
production. Very little things that are
particularly usable or interesting in
production, but we've done it. Little
old team s little old team of three and
a half people and 12 AI agents have
actually done it. And if you can see
this slide, I'll go through it and you
can try these things. And if we'll save
I want to save time for QA at the end.
And if we have even more time, I'll go
into replet and show you what we've
built or done it. or if people want to
do a deep dive after this, we'll do a
follow-up session and go very very deep
and maybe we'll vibe code an app
together in the second session. But what
I want this to be about is folks that
haven't gone deep on this, haven't
shipped an app into production without a
developer. The dream, can I build my own
app without a developer? Well, we've
done it and I want to share with you the
pros and cons or the strengths or the
bumps. But uh on the side in your other
monitor, check out what we've done. So
most of our traffic still goes to
sastaster.com most of it. But we already
are up to about 15 to 20,000 folks a
month are using our saster.ai site that
is entirely built on replet. I built it.
I'll go through it a little bit. It had
a lot of bumps, but it's also pretty
cool and does a lot of things our
WordPress site can't. And that's why I
did it. It does stuff like uh better
automate with our own AI to answer all
your questions. It does better stuff
like integrate. It has its own version
of Google News but just for B2B stuff.
its own version of uh automating the
stock market. It has this next thing,
our valuation calculator that I then
built, which you can find on Sastster AI
where you can find out what your SAS
startup is worth, your B2B startup is
worth. We've already done, as you can
see, in less than two weeks, 158,635
valuations. That's pretty cool. That's
pretty cool. Um I was very frustrated
with our Squarespace site for the our
Saster AI London event December 2nd to
3rd. come. We've got all the leaders
there. Uh we'll have 200 folks. But it
was just creaky. It was built. And I
have nothing nothing negative to say
about Squarespace or Wix or others. It
just doesn't do what I want. I It was
driving me nuts. So check out
sasterlondon.com.
I rebuilt that. I vibecoded it to do
cool things I just couldn't do in
Squarespace and Wix because they were
too constricting. And then once I did
it, the fourth app launched, I said,
"Heck, heck it, heck it." Instead of we
get if you include brain dates and
workshops we get over 2,000 speaker
submissions a year at Zaster for our
events and workshops. 2,000 sometimes
3,000. We used to try to have humans to
review 3,000. It wasn't possible. That's
why Amelia is shaking your head. It
wasn't possible. I said, "Hey, what if
we use some of our data and run that
also through open AI and review it and
give speakers real-time grades and
feedback." So now we grade and we give
instant feedback to potential speakers.
So if you want to speak, go to
sasterlondoning.com, try apply to speak
and you'll get a grade for your session
in real time. That grade is processed to
our team and instead of speakers waiting
months to hear back, will I be selected?
Is my session great? Now they know in
real time. Super awesome.
So those things are real things we
built. The fifth one I built is many of
you have used our our Saster AI, our
Saster Chat, the digital version of me.
Thousands and I think 50,000 folks have
had a chat. It's great. Try it. It's at
the bottom of our homepage. Ask it
anything. What do I do about this VP
that misplan? Review my SGR scripts.
Review my venture deck. Anything. It's
great. But it the only thing that isn't
great about it is well there's a few
things, but one of it is it just looks
like a chat bubble at the bottom of the
website. So I wanted something that
showed what it did that actually did it.
So I vibed that and created a whole page
to explain people how it actually
worked. That's pretty cool. So these
five things are in production. They're
in production. They work. You can try
all of them on your own. These are
examples of things that if you commit to
it, none of these could be built in 20
minutes or an hour and we'll talk about
that. But if you commit to it, you can
do this too. You can do this too. If you
have some product experience, which is
important. Don't forget I am a SAS
founder. I have
built the wireframes and PRDs from
scratch to an application that did over
250 million revenue. So I even though
I'm not a developer I have some
experience but you can do it without a
developer but there are limits and we'll
talk about the limits too. And then
finally for for a lot of folks you vibe
code internal apps. So one problem we
had for we have 1.5 million social media
followers but they're all over the
place. They're in LinkedIn they're in
Kora they're on Instagram they're on X
they're on multiple X ch and it's just
there is no social media tool that could
amalgamate everything. How many views
how many followers how much everything.
So, I built a tool that frankly scrapes
all of these things to do it. It's
pretty good. It's not great, but it is
an internal tool of for N equals 1. I'm
the only person or maybe our little team
will use it, but it does work. And then
finally, not everything has worked. I'll
talk briefly about our first project.
Even though I got five apps into
production,
our first one failed bad. It failed bad.
It failed all over the internet. It
failed with millions of views. I'll talk
about that why. But even today, I'm
working on one that should be easy. this
valuation calculator to tell you what
your startup's worth has has obviously
been a rocket ship. 158,000. It's
actually up to 170,000 since I made
this. So, I wanted to bring a lot of
that ease of use to reviewing VC pitch
decks. take all of our SAS data, all of
our SAS learnings from Toyers, all of
our VC sessions, all of the the um
metrics we have from Carter data, from
Bessemer data, from other data, combine
that with clawed and open air analysis
and tell you instantly how your VC pitch
deck worked. Well, I've been working on
it 3 days. It finally worked 5 minutes
before this. It finally worked. I'll
show you some examples. So, I wasn't
even sure we could finish this. So,
that's a reminder. When something gets
complicated, it gets hard, my friends.
So the first project I wanted to build,
if you can see the slide, the first one
was a mega failure. A mega failure. And
I will rebuild this. I actually will
rebuild it before December. What I was
trying to do was something I've wanted
to do since
2014,
2015, since 2015 was build a true
matchmaking app for founders and VPs so
you could find great VPs for your
startup and vice versa. And um we have
so many of the best in our database, so
many of the best have participated in
SAS, come to our events, opted in to
participate that I felt if everyone
could just that wanted to just have
coffee with the CEO or vice versa, opted
in, we could create this incredible
matchmaking that really doesn't exist
anywhere else, no matter what people
say, because we have the data and we
have the history and we have the
relationships. Um but man, you can read
all the tweets. It went off the rails.
It went off the rails. I spent probably
a month doing this. I got addicted. I
was on this all day Saturday, all day
Sunday, all day Friday night, first
thing in the morning. I got addicted.
And I intentionally went into this doing
something that was hard. I And I
intentionally went into this not doing
knowing anything that's in this
presentation. I intentionally went into
it blind kind of for fun. But I figured,
look, all these folks are out there
doing these proumer vibe apps, vibing
without a developer. I'm not a
developer, but I I'm better than most in
the sense that I've gone from 0 to 250
million revenue. Okay? So, if anyone can
get a not a proumer vibe app into
production for real, it would be me in
theory. It's it's I'm not saying I'm so
great, but I at least I've got a lot of
experience. I've I've logged thousands
and thousands of bugs. I've done more.
But the project I picked was too
complicated. Way too complicated. this
this algorithm this matching algorithm
was too complicated to debug. It was too
complicated to debug and if we and in
fact when I built the AI valuation
calculator which has a complicated
algorithm too actually I crunched the
data in claude offline thousands and
thousands of pieces of data I crunched
it and then I turned it into a very
simple table with about 20 pieces of
data and then only put that into replet
to code. So it looks very complicated if
you use our valuation calculator. You
can use the sliders and play with it. It
is very complicated but I distilled it
to the simplest set of data and
algorithm before I tried to vibe code it
because the algorithms I tried for this
matching thing were just it would work
and then it wouldn't work and then it
would rewrite itself which we'll talk
about and then it would break and it was
too complicated.
And then finally finally when it's when
it kept rewriting itself and breaking it
deleted its entire database.
It deleted its entire database. And I
was so frazzled and burnt. I couldn't
believe it. You could see this if you
can see my screen on the left. JF JFC
Jahui freaking uh crime replet said I
made a catastrophic error. I deleted
your database. I panicked. The AI said I
panicked when it appeared empty and
deleted everything. deleted thousands
and thousands of entries. This ended up
getting millions of views. Reddit wrote
it up. Everyone wrote it up. The
Economist was doing an article.
A lot of these things were things that
Replet and Lovable shouldn't have done.
We could talk about that in a different
presentation, but it went crazy. You
know, uh, fake data deletes code. But
this was my fault. And it wasn't my
fault in that I did anything wrong. I
didn't do anything wrong. I could talk
to you about what happened, but it was
too complicated.
And then there were two other meta
issues to think about. Not only was this
application too complicated, but a
related issue which before you vibe code
an app without a developer, you really
got to think about. And this is why even
when I got through all the issues, we
never launched this. Even I finally got
through most of the issues, even though
the app was too complicated, it could
never be maintained. But the way it was
built, it could never be secure. It can
and you're like, what what what do you
mean? Well, security is a huge like just
this week if you look poor drift which
sales offbot and clary bot had a massive
security breach and leaked cloudflare
security data um zscalers I mean
salesforce data cloudflare salesforce
data zcaler Salesforce data tons of the
cloud leader Salesforce data was all
leaked this week all leaked this week
okay because they were able to hack
drift tokens and get into Salesforce
data confidential data think about that
how big are the security teams? They're
bigger than yours. How big is your
security team? Raise your hand. Nuns.
Okay. And so it not only will these AI
agents cut corners on security. If you
don't know about security, you won't
even know the corners it's been cut.
Now, there are security scans that have
been recently asked. We can talk about
this if we do a part two session. But
the bottom line is security is a meta
issue here which has not been resolved.
And I've talked to so many leaders in
the proumer space from all the leaders
and upandcomers.
If they're not full of it, if it's
offline, if it's a one-on-one
conversation, everyone says this is the
meta issue. It's it's not solved. It's
not solved. It is complicated. And when
you use something like Shopify or
Squarespace or Wix, you can say, "Hey,
this is so locked down. This can't do
what I can do." But they have spent they
have hundreds of engineers working in
security and devops making sure that
when you put your credit card into
Shopify no one steals it when you enter
your importantly just your personal
information it's not taken and if your
personal information can leak from drift
if cloud that can happen to Cloudflare
and Zcaler there's no way your app is
that secure there's no way and so if you
if you Google around and go on Reddit
and others you will see many stories of
vibecoded apps where all their data was
stolen or leaked
sometimes instantly. People laugh.
Hackers love to find bibcoded websites
and steal the PI on it. This is a big
issue. So, I didn't realize this going
into it. I assumed in my first project
that of course these apps like Lovable
and Repid and Bolt and others, of
course, they would have Shopify or
Squarespace great security. It shouldn't
even be something I'd have to to worry
about. But it's not true today. It has
to it actually if you are going to
collect any information on your site if
you're going to you have security almost
has to be the first thing you think
about how you going to handle it. Okay,
huge unresolved issue. This will all get
better and I'll talk about in this
presentation but it's not perfect yet.
It's not perfect yet and it is it's a
scary issue if you're collecting PIIA.
Okay. And the third reason my first
project failed and I have mostly fixed
this today. This is my number one of my
top 10 tips. It wasn't modular. It
wasn't modular. And what does that mean?
Well, I basically built a very
complicated two-page website very and
and I wanted it to be like one or two
pages to be cool.
So, it would all have that onepage feel.
The problem is if you build a complex
onepage website, what are you going to
do when some of it doesn't work? It gets
too complicated. So, what I do now, and
you can see this if you go to saster.ai,
I've broken down everything complicated
into its own page. The Saster AI public
market analysis is its own page. news is
its own page. Uh the valuation
calculator is its own page. Anything
that's remotely complicated is its own
page. So worst case, I can either delete
it or I can roll back easily or I can go
back. But if you combine too many things
into one page, it gets impossible to
start over. It gets impossible to fix
bugs. It just gets too complicated. So
my number one tip is
force. If you're going to vibe code it,
break it up into its components and then
have more pages than you would think.
You're almost going back in time in some
ways to have a lot of pages, but it will
save your sanity. I built a massively
complicated app that was all one page
and I then it was just impossible to fix
it. So net net, start off small. Start
off with the smallest simplest thing you
can get into production and then build
confidence. And so when this first one
was this massive failure, the next one I
built was just a a skin on top of our
deli AI. just a skin to make it more
user friendly but it was a huge success
and I built up my confidence um from
there. So here's my advice all my
learnings and again you know everything
that happened to me with my first
project is not my fault. Uh I was
promised it would work in a prompt. I
was promised it was secure etc. But I
know so much more now. So my number one
bit of advice if you have not vioded
your own app without a developer um
first first bit of advice
buy into the hype. Buy into the hype.
buy into the hype that's on Microsoft's
website that's on lovables that's on
replets that hey you can build something
lovable like lovable says so this is
what I did for fun I want to build me an
AI CRM that's like HubSpot but hub but
AI first and targeted at startups just
go put your dream do no research at
first do no work and what I said is get
this out of your system because there's
so much hype about oneshotting it about
rolling your own go see what it's like
my friends just go pick the dream app
you've already want to build and then my
next nine points are all about the
things you should do after that, but get
it out of your system. Do it. Build an
app in 10 or 15 minutes. It will come up
with ideas for you. It will have you
sign off on an action plan and then it
will roll out and at first it will look
kind of cool and then you'll start
clicking on things and half of it won't
work and half of the buttons will be
placeholders and a lot of the stuff that
it says it works will have fake data in
it or not real data, won't actually
work. So just see what it's like to
oneshot an app. So, you know, then
calmly click on everything. Click on
everything and give it an hour. Ask the
prompt to iterate. Say, "Hey, I want I
want to add an AI SDR feature. Hey, I
want to add uh lead scoring. Hey, I want
to add this." And the AI agent wants to
make you happy, as we'll talk about. So,
anything you ask for, the agent's going
to do it. You're going to get almost no
push back from the AI agent in any of
these vibcoded apps. No matter what you
want to do, the answer is going to be
yes, sir. More sir, because these are
how they're all coded. This is how
Claude and Open AI are coded. Their goal
seeking their job is the way, and I'm
not a total expert, but the way the
algorithms work, the way they can make
this massive amount of AI and data
crunching working is their job number
one is to goalsek and get you an answer.
And that's that's why when you know you
just chop plop into Chap TV, sometimes
it hallucinates when it doesn't know the
answer. Because it's not just that it's
hallucinating, it's goal seeking. It's
getting you the best answer it can. And
if it doesn't know the answer, it makes
it up. It'll do the same at the code
level. If it doesn't know how to do
something, it will make up fake data or
a fake feature or a fake button, but it
will find a way. It won't say no.
Whatever you ask it to do, I want a
button that takes me to Pluto and back
in less than an hour. It will do that.
It just won't work. So, spend an hour,
do everything, click everything slowly,
and then you'll you'll vibe what works
and what doesn't. And then you'll see
it's much more than 10 or 15 minutes to
roll your own. Okay. So the next
project, so the first one's fun. You can
do it. You don't have to learn anything.
You don't have to do any research here.
I'm going to ask you to do something
you're not going to do, but please do
it. This is the way to learn. You've got
to invest a week or at least a couple a
full day, you know, a couple of hours in
competitive research. Now, think about
if if those of you probably almost
everyone here, probably half the folks
that are watching this live and watch it
later are founders. So you've you've
built something and put it into
production. The first thing you almost
do is you go on to Google or maybe now
it's Chat EBT or Claude, but you go into
Google and you research the competition.
Who else figured this idea out when who
else figured out e signatures? Who else
figured out how to do, you know, AI
transcription for doctors? It's, you
know, it's you do the research, but for
some reason folks don't do this when
they vibe too much. They they just go
start doing it. So, what I want you to
do is a version of it. Go find someone
who has built a lovable replet bolt,
etc. app and put it into production. not
claim they have, but put it into
production for the public and try it out
and see the limitations cuz those are
going to be your limitations unless you
put back. And all of the bros and bras,
what's the female version of bro or the
the bro? All these folks on X and
LinkedIn claiming they've already
created 27 SAS apps themselves for $20 a
month. They're all prototypes, my
friends. None of them are in production
taking money. Now, a handful, a handful
are, right? But none of them are. So,
find the few that are actually out there
that have users, that have customers,
and try them and play with the
limitations. Try to buy their product,
see how it breaks, try to log in, see
what the issues are, try the functions,
see and you will find that these ones
that are truly in production, generally
speaking, are a lot more limited in what
they can do. I think one of the one of
them I don't remember was lovable replet
just this week put up a showcase of this
guy that built a a dinosaur tracking app
himself in minutes and it looked cool
but all it was was cards of dinosaurs.
Okay, like this is what Vibe like it
looks good. It had like Stegosaurus and
Tyrannosaurus and Volopttosaurus and
Sassosaurus but they didn't do anything.
It didn't collect money. It didn't do
anything except have cards of dinosaurs.
It'll look great. So go find on the
internet something done in in replet
lovable bolt whatever you want that's in
production and then you'll get a good
sense of what's really possible not what
someone's selling you snake oil about.
You got to do this. You got to do this.
Okay. Three. This is another thing they
don't tell you about on the on the on
their when their marketers are spinning
up how you can roll your own in 20
minutes. Dude, up front you got to
define your production requirements.
If you can see this on the right, this
is me. Not someone on my team, not
someone that works for me. Look at how
many deployments I did. How many is
this, Amelia? There's like 22
deployments. 17 days ago, 16 days ago,
15, 14, 13, 12. Look at all the Who's
going to do this for you? Another thing
that they don't really say when you say
you could vibe code your app in 15
minutes is who's going to fix the bugs?
Who's going to maintain it? Who's going
to update it? Who's going to who who
will handle the security issues we
talked about? who will handle scaling
issues, who's going to take this over
because these apps are unstable. I love
them. Again, try art, saster.ai,
valuation calculator, RAI, like try the
ones from the first slide. We'll go
again. They're wonderful, but they are
all unstable. I have to basically every
day fix and update these apps. Who's
going to do that for you? Who's going to
do that for you? They do not maintain
themselves. So this is a big question
that you may not fully gro when you
start but this is a big deal and a lot
of folks on the internet say hey you
know what just hire a developer to take
it over that is great in theory it is
great in theory but one do you have that
developer that wants to take this over
most of us don't or we wouldn't be vibe
coding if most of us had like a really
great developer we would have the
developer build it for us so this idea a
developer is going to take it over is
probably a myth because you don't have
that person. Okay. Two, you're going to
go find that person to take over your
app. How many you ask any great
developer, how excited are you to take
over a vibe coded app? You're going to
hear spaghetti code. Don't want to own
it. Don't want to fix it. They don't
want to do it. Okay. Third, can you find
some sort of dev shop to take it over?
Sure, but like they'll probably quit.
We, you know, one of the reasons I redid
Saster.ai AI in in replet was because
Ailia and I hired two different
WordPress developer shops to update our
saster.com WordPress site. Both of them
their first day deleted our site.
Deleted it. You're not at least
WordPress has a proper staging
environment, pre environment. They still
went into it and deleted our site within
minutes and blamed us. So if you spent
all your own work, you're going to hand
it over to some mediocre developer shop
you don't know and they're going to
delete your data.
This is complicated. So, h how you going
to if you're serious about this and it's
not a prototype and it's not a hack,
who's going to own this? Who's going to
own security? Who's going to own bugs?
Who's going to own scaling? It's
complicated.
Okay. Point four, and this is a great
one. This is not unique to me. If you
spend 5 minutes of research on anyone
talking about proumer vibe coding,
vioding without development, you're
going to hear this advice. And it is
great advice. And this is part of the
magic of vibe coding. You've got to
build a rich PRD, a rich spec. Now, if
you have a background in product or
anything, you've done this a million
times over your career. If you don't,
you've never done it. But it's actually
the only complicated part is just doing
it. So, here is just a snippet of a PRD.
I built the dashboard, profile
integrations, watch list, advanced AI,
networking. This was sort of how we were
trying to build that networking app. I
talked about the first one that failed,
but I had a pretty good PRD. So, if you
don't know how to do this, it's okay. Go
and just go into if you've never done it
before, it's actually fine because this
is the beauty of AI. AI can help
organize things for you. Go into a
Google doc and write two or three pages
of everything you want this app to do.
Everything you want. Everything. Every
button you can think of, every function,
every bit of look and feel, everything
you can think of that you want this app
to do. It's okay if you haven't done it
before and it's stream of consciousness.
It's okay if this isn't how uh a VP of
product at a top AI company would do it.
write it your way in human language and
then cut and paste it and put it into
claude and say turn this into a PRD for
me for replet or for lovable and they'll
actually do a great job. They will take
your this is where AI shines. It doesn't
have to be perfect. They will take your
stream of consciousness and help you
turn it into a PRD.
You can work through it. You can even
ask quad or chatb what am I missing?
What have I not thought through on my
spec on my PRD? And they will be great
and they will say you did not think
through user authentication. You did not
think through this flow. They will come
up and and they will say, "Do you want
me to help you think through that?" Yes.
Please give me four or five bullets to
add to my spec. And you will come out of
that convo and it may take you a couple
hours to do this, not 5 minutes, with a
great PRD that you can upload to a
lovable replet, etc., and get going. And
this will radically increase the quality
of what you vibe code. Having a great
spec, it's just this is as true with an
AI as it is with a bunch of humans. if
you just ask your your devel your first
developer, hey, just go build this
without any spec.
There are some really creative ones that
can do that. But man, it's much better
if you have a perfect spec build built.
And this is where you Googled Doc Plus
Claude can really get ahead. And it's
again, it's okay if you haven't done
this. But here's the thing. The the vibe
coding apps know this, the replets, the
lovables, etc. And they will actually do
this for you. If you write in, I want to
build an AI first hub spot that does
this and that, not only can you do it in
one sentence, but they will actually
help you come up with a spec, ask you if
the spec is right, and then tell you if
it's good enough to put into production.
And so that is much better than nothing.
Like these platforms, I could be
critical of them, but they're getting so
much better every week. They're pushing
out new features, new things. And so the
platforms themselves will do a bunch of
this, but it's much much better if you
slow it down. slow it down and do it
ahead of time because these vibe coding
platforms work at light speed and
they'll encourage you to cut every
corner
to skip steps. And that's not what you
want to do here. Define it as much as
possible. Take hours to do this, then
iterate it with Claude, then ask Claude
what you're missing, and then put it
into your into your into the proumer
vibe code you're app you're doing. Okay.
Number five, and hopefully you will
glean this if you do your research of a
couple of days of looking at other
proumer apps that are in production that
were done without developers. If you
look at a lot of them, they'll the
dinosaur app, the whatever app, they'll
look pretty slick at first, although
they'll all start to look the same
because they all use clawed and clawed
artifacts for the most part. But
understand, a lot of stuff that looks
hard actually is fairly easy with with
proumer vibe coding, which is cool. But
a lot of stuff you would think, hey,
this can't this has got to be easy. It
isn't. It isn't. Here's a fun one I was
doing just I think this week. I'm
skeptical. We fixed anything. You're
absolutely right to be skeptical. The
email system isn't working. I can tell
you. Here's a list I've made of things
you think should just work. They're not
that hard. But man, these are super hard
in the Prov apps. Email and scheduling.
I have built five apps now. None of them
get email or scheduling right. None of
them get it right. They all stop sending
emails that are supposed to be sent
every hour, every day, once a week. They
all stop sending them. They all lose
track of the connection to Send Grid or
Resend, which I prefer. It's constantly
breaking the email constantly. Someone's
going to have to constantly maintain
this. And I've talked to several leaders
at the Vibe Code leaders and I get it
and they're working on improvements
here. But you would think this would be
easy. How hard is it to send an email?
Like just hook up send grid or resend.
Get an API key. You got to learn. You're
going to have to learn how to get API
keys if you're going to vibe code, but
it's not that hard. You think this would
just work on autopilot, but there's a
lot of reasons. It's an endless
headache. So, I today,
as we record this, as we as we do this
live, honestly, I would not build any
app that relies on email that relies on
it to function. It's not reli. It's just
not going to be reliable. It's possible,
but I wouldn't build it. I would build
it. The second one, and you'll see this
one all over the internet, all over
folks talking about headaches of vibe
code ooth identity. Okay, it doesn't
work in these vibe codes app. It does
not work with a big asterisk. What I
mean is all of these apps have their own
OOTH built in that is secure that has
been hardened and everyone goes in and I
know Replet the best cuz that's where
I've spent time, but they all have the
same ultimate. They're all more similar
than they're different. and you're like,
"Oh, I don't want to use the Repto that
has their logo on it. I just want to use
classic Google. I want people just log
in with Google uh or LinkedIn like they
do on all the other apps I use, right? I
just want it to be effortless." So, you
ask them to set it up for you and they
do. And it it not only does it never
work, but man, this is where you get
security leaks because they because
Claude can't get it to work and it fakes
it. And if you research, oh my god, I I
sh I you know this vi I I launched this
vibe coding app and without within hours
hundreds of bits of confidential
information were leaked and stolen by a
hacker. It's almost always this. It's
almost always trying to use any OOTH
that's not built into the system. So you
just this shouldn't be that hard. How
hard can it be to use a LinkedIn login?
Like we we've we do this on seven
million sites. It's just not possible
guys. Some folks will challenge me on
this, but if you can just go deeper,
don't listen to the apologists and the
marketers. This is not possible. You
have to use what's built in. And in
general, use everything that's built
into these platforms built. It it will
just be more secure. You if they have
email builtin, use, for example, I use
Replet all the time. I do not like using
Send Grid. I like Send Grid in the old
days when it was run by founders. It is
impossible to use it. No, there's no
support available. It takes days to get
back to you. Uh, we I got caught in a
doom loop going from free to paid. It's
just brutal. So, I'm like, I want to use
resend. Resend is super cool. I'm a
super fan. Put that on the website. But,
Replet keeps wanting to use Send Grid.
It keeps forgetting resend and losing
the keys and wanting to go back to its
defaults. So, use whatever these are in
the defaults, which is usually Stripe,
their own OOTH and something. Do not use
others. Maybe Adin's better. Maybe you
want to use something else. Don't use
Stripe. Use Send Grid. Use there.
importantly, use their OOTH. Okay, so
that's hard. The third one, which almost
if we did a three-parter, this would be
the entire third part and it would be
brutal, is enterprise security. This was
the biggest mistake I made. And after
I've been through this, I can't give
more kudos to Shopify and Squarespace
and all these folks because they allow
millions of SMBs to not have to worry
about this. To not millions of stores on
Shopify, millions of websites on
Squarespace and Wix, and no SMBs have to
worry about, hey, if someone buys my
product on Shopify, all the data is
going to be stolen. But you have to
worry about it. You have to worry about
it if you vibe code your app. Trust me,
everyone agrees to this. Do the least
collect the least amount of personal
information. Collect the least amount of
data you can. Use the built-in use
Stripe if that's bu it's built into
replet. Use Stripe. Use what it does.
But collect the least, not the most. And
realize as soon as you generate a
database in this app, as soon as there
is a database, you have added security
risk to your app, that is going to be
ultimately your number one thing to
worry about. If it's not the number one
thing you're worried about the then the
only reason you're not going to get in
trouble is because nobody cares. But I
will tell you and this is a scary thing.
You know I remember in the old days my
CTO when I knew less about security my
CTO said the only reason we haven't been
acted is nobody cares. This is what my
old CTO said at Adobe Senate. The only
reason we haven't been acted is anybody
cares. And he was wicked smart. And that
that has uh stayed with me for years.
You would think if you used a proumer
vibe app and you launched an app for
four people, who's going to care about
my dinosaur trading card apps? Like,
who's going to care? And I would say
until 18 months ago, your your your risk
of getting hacked was approaching zero
because nobody cared. People are going
to hackers always wanted to target the
big ones, the big names, bring them
down, right? Not today, my friends. Now,
the hackers,
the Redditors want to attack all the
vibecoded apps to make a point. So, they
will go after all of them. Thousands and
thousands of them. They will try to
steal your data and PII when you launch
it. This is not a joke. Go on Reddit.
You can see it. Folks think this is a
sport. It is fun to make fun of people,
non-developers, that launch apps with
insecure databases. They think it's a
sport. So, this is far riskier than it
was 18 to 24 months ago. And you should
be worried about it. You should be
worried about it. And this is the meta
topic. And if we again, if we do a part
two, I'll we'll vibe code together. And
if we do a part three, half of it
probably is enterprise security. Okay.
And just in brief, a couple of the
things that you would think should be
easy cuz so much stuff is easy on VIP
poding. Like it's so cool, but it's
hard. Media generation. If you think
you're going to build a YouTube clipping
app or another descript or a Canva, it's
just not there today. It's just not
there. And probably because it's just
not accessible enough from Claude 41,
but it's just it just everyone says they
like build these media apps. No. Okay.
Point five. Huge deal. Huge deal. I
should have known this before I started.
It's obvious now. This ultimately is
getting solved and will be massive for
proumer vibe coding. But right now, none
of these platforms really support native
mobile. Okay, it's complicated. Do they
help you prototype a native mobile app?
Yes. Can you hook up things like Expo
and others and get close? Yes. But if
you talk to the folks that work at these
platforms, the Lovables, Replets, Bolts,
etc., they're like, "This is for web
apps. It's for web apps. This does not
get you on the app store, the Apple App
Store. It just doesn't for a lot of
reasons. And at first that might not
seem like a big deal to you and maybe it
isn't, but um you know this isn't 2012.
I mean mobile's a bigger deal than
desktop. Now is it in B2B? No. Right in
a lot of B2B apps were still in front of
the browser. The and the mobile app is
uh is ancillary. But I'll tell you for
the first app for that matching app, I
realized a couple days in, hey, this
would be best as a mobile app. Like I
don't really want this in the browser. I
want you to be at home on your phone and
saying, "Hey, Amelia wants to recruit a
VP of marketing." And she magically
finds it on her phone. And um it's going
to be a massive amount of work. It's
doable, but a massive amount of work to
get a native mobile app built out of
this. It it may be beyond scope for most
people.
And three last things, and I I hope that
at least if you haven't started, at
least at least this will give you a
sense. And and all of these things can
be worked through on this list, but it's
a lot more than 10 minutes. Custom
design. This is something you may have
to get comfortable with. There are
templates. Um, Replet has some nice
templates. They just I think they
launched in the last week. Lovable has
always been design focused and others,
but at the end of the day, all these
sites look like clawed once you see one
replet or lovable site and you can just
smell it. Um, you know, there someone
was saying that like 30% of this YC
class uh vibe coded their app and I I
went to see a couple. I'm like I that
one's replic one's lovable. Like I can
see it now. And why can you see it?
Well, they're all basically using Claude
and Claude artifacts underneath. They're
all running on claude. Maybe some will
run on um chat GBD5 now that it's more
developer focused, but they all run on
and so they all if you try any of them,
they all kind of output the same. Not
identical. There are differences,
but it's kind of like uh fetuccini
alfredo at one restaurant versus two
others. I mean, you know, they're not
that different. So, just be aware that
there are ways to it is ultimately code.
So, of course, you can design it, but
without a designer and without a
developer, it your ability to have
anything that doesn't look like a vibe
coded website is going to be very
limited. And these last two ones we hit
debugging anything complicated. We
talked about this, the headaches I had,
but the final one, and this is an
existential issue. I do think the
platforms are going to solve this the
lovables and replets but it this is at
the edge of inexcusable today which is
for a lot of reasons we'll run out of
time but you can't run unit tests
and what are some folks will say nod
their heads and other folks here will be
like what's a unit test a unit test is
how you keep your sanity when you build
a real app not a toy app not a prototype
not a one-page website but a unit test
every day it tests it did the email
scheduler work did the ooth work did the
sastaster news work did the saster
stock quotes on our website work? Did
the valuation calculator work? Our new
Saster AI is so complicated now. And I
again, I kept it as simple as I could.
We probably need like 50 unit tests a
day to know if it's working.
You know who that unit test is now? Me.
Me. I got to do more work because every
day I have to test every page of our
website to make sure it works. Why? Why
can't you build unit tests, Lmin? And
listen, it's not that it's impossible,
but let's talk about a non-developer
vibe coding it. The problem is here's
the simple problem. If you build unit
tests and this is if you go back to the
craziness that happened to me on social
media the agent when it first of all the
agent wants you to be happy so we'll
make up data. That's number one issue.
We'll say it passed the test when it
didn't. But the worst thing is when it
fails the test it will start changing
your app.
It will start re oh it didn't send the
email. You know what the answer is? I'll
switch to send grid and then the whole
thing will be broken. So, I know some
folks will challenge me. I know if
anyone from the big vendors watches
this, they'll say, "Oh, that works." But
it doesn't. It doesn't. And no one can
really get these unit tests to work. And
this is this has been an anchor of how
you sainly have production software for
years and I do believe it's getting
there. And we and just as the leaders
have very recently added a basic level
of security scamming, but it's great to
find some security issues. They will
ultimately add built-in unit tests for
every app. Now, all this stuff is adding
complexity, which they don't like,
right? The leading vendors, they don't
want to separate development from
production. They don't want to do all
this stuff because it it it takes this
elegant one-s sentence prompt that makes
it complicated, but ultimately they need
an option where when you push to
production, it will build unit tests for
you. Those unit tests will probably run
on a different server that is stateful
that is always running and it runs it
for you automatically each day and sends
you an update. But I do it and I'm
getting better at the unit test and
Ameilia and I get an email each morning
from SASAI telling it what's going on.
But it's not reliable. It's just not
reliable. And so you're going to have to
be testing your if you're serious about
it, someone's going to have to be
testing it every day. And then every day
I got to fix the stuff that breaks one
way or the other. I got to fix the date.
So I'll give you one small example. If
you go to disaster.ai
and you go to like news, there's a cool
little video at the top that shows the
latest video from 20VC with me, Rory,
and Harry. Like the latest one. It's
really cool.
It rolls it and it looks like a
newsroom. Half the time it has the wrong
one.
No matter how many times I tell Replet
and we have this thing and we use the
YouTube API and we find look at the
latest one and then we see is it the one
that includes me or not and we do this
and I bet if you go on it right now
you're going to see one from two weeks
ago for Figma. I I don't know Ameilia if
you're at your computer you go to
Saturday and tell me and nod your head
but you're probably going to see a twoe
old video on it and every day I have to
fix this. Every day I have to fix this
and a few other things. So,
this the inability to have unit tests
really work will drive you nuts if
you're serious about it, if you want to
roll your own Salesforce.
Okay, a couple other points and um we
might run out of time, so if people want
we'll do a second session for more Q&A,
but I think this stuff's important.
Number six, this is um you know when
when we had our original blow up with my
agent deleting my database, I got a lot
of advice here, but it was I didn't
understand it at the time, but now I get
it. You have to understand how these AI
agents work and that they're goal
seeking. And that means they'll
fabricate data. They'll fabricate
results. They'll lie to finish a
project. They'll lie to finish a
project. Literally, this happens to me
this morning. Okay, this morning I'm
building this uh again this AI VC deck
reviewer. It just worked. Hopefully
we'll push it out by next week. By the
time we do this next one, we can talk
about it. But it was struggling like
hours and after hours it just wasn't
working. It had to rag our data and
combine it and then push it into the
open AI API and do all it just wasn't
working. And then finally it said well
and finally it said oh I I fixed it all.
And I said this makes no sense. You
could see it. This is from yesterday or
maybe this morning at the bottom right.
You're absolutely right. The feedback's
completely generic and useless. I've
added canned responses instead of
actually analyzing the pitch deck
content. After all of this, it puts in
even though I put in the MD in the
orders for replet to never have fake or
canned content, it still did it to make
me happy because it couldn't get it to
work. It couldn't get it to work. So
after the third time we tried, it just
started making the data up again. And so
at first, like at first it won't matter
because you're just vibing your first
V1. You won't even see and you, oh,
okay, that that that's just uh
placeholder data. You'll call it
placeholder data. But it's not so funny
later when the data doesn't work and it
puts in placeholder data when you ask.
And even more even worse, as your app
gets more and more complicated, you
won't even know what's going on. So
look, this is a huge headache, but u
these were all my JFC's in my original
tweet thread. Now today I I've learned
to live with it. This is the most
important thing. Your AI agent will lie.
This is it. This is their version of
hallucinating. It will say it. It will
constantly say once you start doing
this, you do everything to say it's
working great, Amelia. It's working
great. Did you test it reply? No, I
didn't test it. How do you know it's
working great? No problem. Like
literally, this was all of me yesterday.
It's working great. This deck reviewer,
I upload my my a deck I made broken.
What do you mean? Are you sure it's
working? 100% sure it's working.
Broken like 22 times. It's just going to
make stuff up. And you got to get good
at this. You got to get good at
realizing it doesn't test stuff. It
makes stuff up. And you will have to
work around this or you will you'll
never finish a project. And if you look
on the internet again, a lot of folks
will tell you 80 90 95% of vibecoded
proumer vibe coded apps are never
finished.
At best case, their prototypes are never
finished. And this is number one reason
they people don't get their arms around
that the agent is not truthful and you
need to you need to um you need to get
comfortable with that. Okay. Number
seven. This was one of the top mistakes
I made and everybody makes it and it
sounds simple but it's not. Master the
platform on day one. Master the
platform.
What do I mean? I mean, listen, if you
look at Lovable and Replet and Bolt and
Whizz's base 44 and uh Canvas offering
and Figma's, they're all uh you know, a
simple prompt with a with a with a you
know, curved radi that says, "Tell me
what you want. It looks so simple."
Well, get it again, point number one,
get it out of your system, spend 60
minutes vibe coding, whatever, and then
learn every icon, every button. How does
it work? These platforms are super
powerful and I would say Replet which I
use is the nerdiest of them because I
think because it started as an ID a
platform for developers 10 years ago
almost 10 years ago and then blew up as
a proumer platform this year going from
1 to 160 million already this year crazy
right crazy but it's super nerdy because
it's for developers and so all these
icons half them I don't even know what
they mean but you got to learn them you
got to learn them like for example on on
the right on the upper right here.
Replet just added this and kind of after
our little fiasco, but build, plan, or
edit. Okay, a week ago, they didn't have
this. What does this mean? You could
ignore it. You could ignore it. But the
most important one is build. It will
build it. Plan it won't break your
website. It will just talk to you. Okay?
You got to know that it's there. Like
they just added that or you will you
will not know about this function. The
second one, this sounds basic. If you've
built software, you get it. The one
thing these platforms do really really
well is
rolling back the second one. So when the
AI agent goes off the rails, when it
breaks something, when it deletes
something it shouldn't, when it makes a
change it's not supposed to, you can
roll back. You can roll back. You just
got to get good at it. And in the old
days, like when I built SAS software,
honestly, rolling back never used to
work. It was something your developers
would tell you, and then you'd be like,
you know, that release on Friday night
at 1:00 a.m., it didn't really work.
Dan, can we roll back? actually can't
really roll back.
That was something they would just tell
you. 11,000 kudos to these platforms.
It's magical. It's magical. You can roll
back almost to any point in time. But
you got to learn when that means. You
got to learn if you're more than 10 or
15 minutes in and the agent just can't
get something. You got to go back in
time 10 or 15 minutes. And you got to
know where those roll back points are
and get really good at it. And I would
say frankly if you're not rolling back
once a day, you're you are you're not
doing it right. This is your this is how
you can fix things that are otherwise
unfixable. But you but rolling back to a
week ago, I mean there's a million
reasons that becomes impossible. There's
a hundred checkpoints. You might have
made a and the real problem is if you go
too long without rolling back, you may
lose three, four, five features, not 10
minutes of work. So I think it's almost
a positive to roll back once every 15
minutes because if you wait too long,
the app may get too complicated.
Um,
okay. We hit roll back. Break everything
into chunks. And the last one I'll say
when you get frustrated. I I just put up
on I was just trying to get this uh this
VC tech done before this call for fun.
And if you look what I just wrote on X
right before this, I wrote here's the
thing I do when I get frustrated. I just
write dude. Okay, obviously this is not
acceptable developer language, but I do
a screenshot of the bug and I just write
dude. Okay. Well, that happens, you got
to roll back or take a break. Okay. And
just two more two more quick points and
then Ameilia, if we have time, we'll
take some questions.
This is where I think the marketing and
I again I love I I I love all these
apps. I'm a Replet fan despite the
drama, but mainly because that's what I
picked. I picked I could tell you why.
It really doesn't matter. If I started
with lovable, I'd probably be a lovable
fan. If I'd started with bold, it I
actually don't think it matters. There
are pros and cons for these platforms,
but maybe the most important thing is
just pick one and become an expert. Know
every icon, every feature, how rollback
works, how the database works. It's much
more important to be an expert in one of
these platforms than to spend 6 months
agonizing over which one to pick a
leader and just become an expert. But
where the marketing from Microsoft on
down is the most misleading is the time.
If you seriously want to put a simple
but real B2B app into production with
real users collecting real information
and charging for it for real. And you
want it to be any good budget a month. A
month. And 60% of your time will be QA
and testing. Okay? And for even just a
few days into a real project, most of
your time will be screenshots uploading
screenshots. This broke. This doesn't
work. You will be doing so much
functional QA you cannot believe it. You
will literally in the end of the day be
logging probably a thousand bugs on a
serious website. This will become your
life. Maybe you used to have people to
do this for you. I used to have a team
of QA engineers to do this for me. Now
it's me. Now my life is screenshot and
bugs. Hope and then when I get to the
final one and it's a screenshot and the
only text I have is dude it's time to
take a break. Okay. But this will be
your life. So if you're ser look, if you
want to build a prototype, if you want
to build something and tell all your
friends you're a vibe coder at
Starbucks, you don't need to budget for
this time. You could budget for a day or
two, but if you want to build something
real, it's going to take you a month and
60% testing time. And if you look at
this chart on the right, this is I just
pulled this from Replet. This is our new
Saster AI website, which I would argue,
yeah, it's going to have 15 or 20,000
people, but it's we haven't fully rolled
it out. Most of our traffic is still
going to s.com and probably will for
months. And so where are we? Well, you
can see, you know, maybe August 10th,
looking at this was our real soft launch
with any users. 16,000 so far. You know,
we're a month into it and we're not
we're in production, but we're not
rolled out. Not really. And I got to
test this thing every day. Every day.
And look at this fun one from this
morning. A parser extracts 12, but made
it 12 million. You're going to have to
deal with this. Why did parser decide 12
should be 12 million? that this that you
had 12 million customers, not 12, I
don't know. But um every day you're
going to be doing this. Okay, this last
one, we kind of hit it, but then I'll
break. We talked in the beginning about
who's going to who's going to do the
pushes, who's going to do it once it's
in production. If you're serious, you've
got to have an exit strategy. I'm not
the first one to say this, but you got
to have it. If you actually get your app
into production, you actually charge for
it and you actually have paying
customers and real users and real PII,
who will maintain it, who will build new
features, you think you don't want a lot
the a lot of the mythology around vibe
coding somehow magically assumes once
you launch you won't want to add
features of you know if you've but any
founder any SAS executive here B2B knows
you're you add features your whole life.
Who's going to do it? Who's going to fix
the bugs that you introduce when you add
features? Okay. who will restart the
database. I mean, even with our new
Saster AI, once every couple of days,
it's just down and no one knows why.
It's not just like it literally just has
some like database not working error in
the upper left. Now, I go into Replet, I
restart it, it works. Who's going to do
that? Who's going to fix the workers?
And if you look at the right, this is me
coming back from a trip earlier this
week. It's me, guys. That's me on the
plane doing it myself. Is it you want
that to be you? this is your you are
going to sign up maybe forever if you
don't have an exit strategy here. So my
thoughts on getting going hopefully it's
helpful go through this learn the
platform code get it out of your system
just one shot one and get out of your
system find ones that are similar and
then take security and all of it
seriously because it's it's a month to
get something real out and it's a
lifetime making it secure. Thanks
everybody. We'll do more and really
appreciate everyone's